<!--
slug: spreading-the-word-about-phalcon
date: Sat Oct 13 2012 18:21:00 GMT-0400 (EDT)
tags: php, phalcon, spread
title: Spreading the word about Phalcon
id: 33523635514
link: http://blog.phalconphp.com/post/33523635514/spreading-the-word-about-phalcon
raw: {"blog_name":"phalconphp","id":33523635514,"post_url":"http://blog.phalconphp.com/post/33523635514/spreading-the-word-about-phalcon","slug":"spreading-the-word-about-phalcon","type":"text","date":"2012-10-13 22:21:00 GMT","timestamp":1350166860,"state":"published","format":"html","reblog_key":"nGqPFsSe","tags":["php","phalcon","spread"],"short_url":"http://tmblr.co/Z6PumvVEAXKw","highlighted":[],"note_count":0,"title":"Spreading the word about Phalcon","body":"<div><span></span><span><span id=\"result_box\"><span class=\"hps\">Some of you</span> <span class=\"hps\">have asked us</span> on how to help<span class=\"hps\"></span> to make<span class=\"hps\"> the project to be</span> <span class=\"hps\">more</span> <span class=\"hps\">popular</span><span>. </span></span>This post consolidates previously discussed points on how to make </span><span>Phalcon</span><span> more popular.</span><span><span><span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br/></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>TL;DR</strong></div>\n<div><span><span><span>Helping to make Phalcon more popular.<br/></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br/></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><strong>Increase visibility<br/></strong></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We love that you communicate with us via email<strong>, </strong>chat or internal messaging. However, if you do so, we may be very busy and thus your message might fall through the cracks. Despite the fact that our community is small, </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span>there is always someone willing to help. </span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span>We would appreciate if you use <a href=\"http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/phalcon\">StackOverflow</a> with your queries. StackOverflow is a social network visited by thousands of developers every day, </span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>helping greatly to increase the visibility of the project. It also contains answers to frequently asked questions regarding Phalcon, resource which is invaluable for people that just got introduced to our project</span></span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><strong>. </strong>Additionally you can post questions/concerns/feedback in our <a href=\"https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/phalcon\">Google Group</a>.</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><br/></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>Evangelism</strong><br/><div>Presenting Phalcon in every event about PHP, is something we would love to do but logistically is impossible. We are certain that many developers will benefit from hearing what Phalcon is all about and how it can help them. <span>If you know of any PHP events and you wish to give a talk about the project, you have our full support. </span><span><span></span></span><span>Who does not want to know a tool that helps him/her make his/her applications faster?</span></div>\n<div><span></span><br/><span><strong>Share your experiences</strong><br/> Since Phalcon is quite young, there could be few projects built with it out there. Feel free to share with the community, the ways that Phalcon was useful to you. Discuss what components needed extra work, what you could do easier, what benefits you got by using Phalcon. </span><span>Although not everything can be implemented immediately, your input on new feature requests can greatly help us shape the future of the project. </span><span><span>Your feedback helps us all. </span></span>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br/></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>If you like writing, remember that our blog is open to post tutorials created by you. If you have a blog of your own and have written something about Phalcon, we can publish also in our social network pages so as to achieve maximum visibility. If your blog post is in a language other than English, we want to share it and potentially translate it if possible</span><span>.</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span></span></span></span></span><br/><span><strong>Social Networks</strong><br/>Phalcon is evolving on a daily basis, through our desire to make it better. However, not everything can be developed as fast as we would like, thus we rely on user feedback and our road map. Social networks are part of our lives now, and we all interact with others through them. Sharing your Phalcon experience with your social circles will greatly increase the visibility of the project. More and more people will engage in our community, thus making it more powerful, even more feature rich and popular.  Like, +1, share posts that we constantly post on every social network, engage in discussions regarding those posts. People that will discover Phalcon through your interactions will thank you!</span>\n<div></div>\n<div><span>For websites that share links </span><span><span>(</span></span><span><span><span>even in languages other than English</span>), you can help us by sharing our posts there. <br/></span> <br/></span>\n<div><span>Many people will not be initially convinced that Phalcon can really work. Some people will be happy with the framework they are using, so they will not be interested changing it. Some will be willing to change but a rewrite to their applications could be prohibitive. Others however might be looking for something like Phalcon or be ready for something different, something out of the box. No innovation has been massively accepted during its launch, so do not despair, over time you will be recognized as one of the pioneers of the new generation of PHP frameworks</span><span>. <br/><br/>We have a presence in most of the popular social networks. By following us, you are helping increase the project visibility:</span></div>\n<div>\n<ul><li><a href=\"http://twitter.com/phalconphp\">Follow us on Twitter</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phalcon/134230726685897\">Facebook Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://plus.google.com/102376109340560896457\">Google+ Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://blog.phalconphp.com\">Official Blog</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon\">Star the project on Github</a></li>\n</ul><p><span><span><strong>Feedback</strong><br/> Phalcon is built for speed. This is part of the project&rsquo;s identity. Developers most likely have already been exposed to other frameworks and have already favorite components that could potentially want to see in Phalcon. While we want to keep our own identity as a framework, we are always looking for ways to incorporate new functionality in the framework to aid developers. At times, we will not be able to accommodate certain requests, primarily because it will lead to a slower framework. However, every request/discussion is welcome</span><span>.<br/></span><br/><span><span>No matter where you are coming from or how you found out about Phalcon, we want to hear your opinions and views. We want our community to be the one to decide how the project evolves, what needs to be changed, what needs to stay unchanged. At times, even by clicking the +1 or Like button will give us instant feedback that we are doing something right. Adding comments to our blog posts or social network postings also helps greatly. </span></span><span><br/><br/></span><strong>Thank you!</strong><br/></span><span><span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We would like to thank all of our contributors and members of the community for pushing us to make Phalcon the best framework of its kind. Your kind words and engagement is what drives us to do better. </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We hope to meet and exceed the trust you put in Phalcon.</span></span></span></span></p>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br/></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>Thanks for flying with Phalcon!</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><strong>&lt;3</strong><br/></span></span></span></span></div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>","reblog":{"tree_html":"","comment":"<div><span></span><span><span id=\"result_box\"><span class=\"hps\">Some of you</span> <span class=\"hps\">have asked us</span> on how to help<span class=\"hps\"></span> to make<span class=\"hps\"> the project to be</span> <span class=\"hps\">more</span> <span class=\"hps\">popular</span><span>. </span></span>This post consolidates&nbsp;previously&nbsp;discussed&nbsp;points&nbsp;on how to make&nbsp;</span><span>Phalcon</span><span>&nbsp;more&nbsp;popular.</span><span><span><span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>TL;DR</strong></div>\n<div><span><span><span>Helping to make Phalcon more popular.<br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><strong>Increase visibility<br></strong></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We love that you&nbsp;communicate with us via email<strong>, </strong>chat or internal messaging. However, if&nbsp;you do so, we may be&nbsp;very busy and&nbsp;thus your message might fall through the cracks. Despite the fact that our community is small,&nbsp;</span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span>there is always someone&nbsp;willing to help.&nbsp;</span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span>We&nbsp;would&nbsp;appreciate&nbsp;if you use&nbsp;<a href=\"http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/phalcon\">StackOverflow</a>&nbsp;with your queries. StackOverflow is a social network visited by&nbsp;thousands of developers&nbsp;every day,&nbsp;</span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>helping&nbsp;greatly&nbsp;to&nbsp;increase the visibility&nbsp;of the project. It also contains answers to frequently asked questions regarding Phalcon, resource which is invaluable for people that just got introduced to our project</span></span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><strong>. </strong>Additionally you can post questions/concerns/feedback in our <a href=\"https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/phalcon\">Google Group</a>.</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>Evangelism</strong><br><div>Presenting Phalcon in every event about PHP, is something we would love to do but logistically is impossible. We are certain that many developers will benefit from hearing what Phalcon is all about and how it can help them.&nbsp;<span>If you know of any PHP events and&nbsp;you wish to give a talk about the project, you have&nbsp;our full support.&nbsp;</span><span><span></span></span><span>Who does not want&nbsp;to know&nbsp;a tool&nbsp;that helps him/her&nbsp;make his/her applications faster?</span></div>\n<div><span></span><br><span><strong>Share your experiences</strong><br> Since Phalcon is quite young, there could be few projects built with it out there. Feel free to share with the community, the ways that Phalcon was useful to you. Discuss what components needed extra work, what you could do easier, what benefits you got by using Phalcon. </span><span>Although&nbsp;not everything can be implemented immediately, your input on new feature requests can greatly help us shape the future of the project.&nbsp;</span><span><span>Your&nbsp;feedback helps&nbsp;us all.&nbsp;</span></span>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>If you like writing, remember that&nbsp;our&nbsp;blog&nbsp;is open&nbsp;to post&nbsp;tutorials created&nbsp;by&nbsp;you. If&nbsp;you have a&nbsp;blog of your own&nbsp;and have written&nbsp;something about&nbsp;Phalcon,&nbsp;we can&nbsp;publish also in our social network pages so as to achieve maximum visibility. If your blog post is in a language other than English, we want to share it and potentially translate it if possible</span><span>.</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span></span></span></span></span><br><span><strong>Social Networks</strong><br>Phalcon is evolving on a daily basis, through our desire to make it better. However, not everything can be developed as fast as we would like, thus we rely on user feedback and our road map. Social networks are part of our lives now, and we all interact with others through them. Sharing your Phalcon experience with your social circles will greatly increase the visibility of the project. More and more people will engage in our community, thus making it more powerful, even more feature rich and popular. &nbsp;Like, +1, share posts that we constantly post on every social network, engage in discussions regarding those posts. People that will discover Phalcon through your interactions will thank you!</span>\n<div></div>\n<div><span>For websites that share links </span><span><span>(</span></span><span><span><span>even in&nbsp;languages other than&nbsp;English</span>), you can help us by sharing our posts there.&nbsp;<br></span>&nbsp;<br></span>\n<div><span>Many people&nbsp;will&nbsp;not be initially convinced that Phalcon can really work. Some people will be happy with the framework they are using, so they will not be interested changing it. Some will be willing to change but a rewrite to their applications could be prohibitive. Others however might be looking for something like Phalcon or be ready for something different, something out of the box. No innovation has been massively accepted during its launch, so do not&nbsp;despair, over time you will be recognized as one of the pioneers of the new generation of PHP frameworks</span><span>.&nbsp;<br><br>We have a presence in most of the popular social networks. By following us, you are helping increase the project visibility:</span></div>\n<div>\n<ul><li><a href=\"http://twitter.com/phalconphp\">Follow us on Twitter</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phalcon/134230726685897\">Facebook Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://plus.google.com/102376109340560896457\">Google+ Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://blog.phalconphp.com\">Official Blog</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon\">Star the project on Github</a></li>\n</ul><p><span><span><strong>Feedback</strong><br> Phalcon is built for speed. This is part of the project&rsquo;s identity. Developers most likely have already been exposed to other frameworks and have already favorite components that could potentially want to see in Phalcon. While we want to keep our own identity as a framework, we are always looking for ways to incorporate new functionality in the framework to aid developers. At times, we will not be able to accommodate certain requests, primarily because it will lead to a slower framework. However, every request/discussion is welcome</span><span>.<br></span><br><span><span>No matter where you are coming from or how you found out about Phalcon, we want to hear&nbsp;your opinions and views. We want our community to be the one to decide how the project evolves, what needs to be changed, what needs to stay unchanged. At times, even by clicking the +1 or Like button will give us instant feedback that we are doing something right. Adding comments to our blog posts or social network postings also helps greatly.&nbsp;</span></span><span><br><br></span><strong>Thank you!</strong><br></span><span><span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We would like to thank all of our contributors and members of the community for pushing us to make Phalcon the best framework of its kind. Your kind words and engagement is what drives us to do better. </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We hope to meet and exceed the trust you put in Phalcon.</span></span></span></span></p>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>Thanks for flying with Phalcon!</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><strong>&lt;3</strong><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>"},"trail":[{"blog":{"name":"phalconphp","theme":{"header_full_width":1117,"header_full_height":426,"header_focus_width":758,"header_focus_height":426,"avatar_shape":"square","background_color":"#FAFAFA","body_font":"Helvetica Neue","header_bounds":"0,937,426,179","header_image":"http://static.tumblr.com/be2b0380984b972b47699d457f4c0ffb/ivjir8a/815nn0qo7/tumblr_static_28z87js742xwowwo0kco04ogs.jpg","header_image_focused":"http://static.tumblr.com/be2b0380984b972b47699d457f4c0ffb/ivjir8a/laHnn0qo9/tumblr_static_tumblr_static_28z87js742xwowwo0kco04ogs_focused_v3.jpg","header_image_scaled":"http://static.tumblr.com/be2b0380984b972b47699d457f4c0ffb/ivjir8a/815nn0qo7/tumblr_static_28z87js742xwowwo0kco04ogs_2048_v2.jpg","header_stretch":true,"link_color":"#529ECC","show_avatar":true,"show_description":true,"show_header_image":true,"show_title":true,"title_color":"#444444","title_font":"Gibson","title_font_weight":"bold"}},"post":{"id":"33523635514"},"content":"<div><span></span><span><span id=\"result_box\"><span class=\"hps\">Some of you</span> <span class=\"hps\">have asked us</span> on how to help<span class=\"hps\"></span> to make<span class=\"hps\"> the project to be</span> <span class=\"hps\">more</span> <span class=\"hps\">popular</span><span>. </span></span>This post consolidates previously discussed points on how to make </span><span>Phalcon</span><span> more popular.</span><span><span><span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>TL;DR</strong></div>\n<div><span><span><span>Helping to make Phalcon more popular.<br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><strong>Increase visibility<br></strong></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We love that you communicate with us via email<strong>, </strong>chat or internal messaging. However, if you do so, we may be very busy and thus your message might fall through the cracks. Despite the fact that our community is small, </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span>there is always someone willing to help. </span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span>We would appreciate if you use <a href=\"http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/phalcon\">StackOverflow</a> with your queries. StackOverflow is a social network visited by thousands of developers every day, </span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>helping greatly to increase the visibility of the project. It also contains answers to frequently asked questions regarding Phalcon, resource which is invaluable for people that just got introduced to our project</span></span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><strong>. </strong>Additionally you can post questions/concerns/feedback in our <a href=\"https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/phalcon\">Google Group</a>.</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><strong>Evangelism</strong><br><div>Presenting Phalcon in every event about PHP, is something we would love to do but logistically is impossible. We are certain that many developers will benefit from hearing what Phalcon is all about and how it can help them. <span>If you know of any PHP events and you wish to give a talk about the project, you have our full support. </span><span><span></span></span><span>Who does not want to know a tool that helps him/her make his/her applications faster?</span></div>\n<div><span></span><br><span><strong>Share your experiences</strong><br> Since Phalcon is quite young, there could be few projects built with it out there. Feel free to share with the community, the ways that Phalcon was useful to you. Discuss what components needed extra work, what you could do easier, what benefits you got by using Phalcon. </span><span>Although not everything can be implemented immediately, your input on new feature requests can greatly help us shape the future of the project. </span><span><span>Your feedback helps us all. </span></span>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>If you like writing, remember that our blog is open to post tutorials created by you. If you have a blog of your own and have written something about Phalcon, we can publish also in our social network pages so as to achieve maximum visibility. If your blog post is in a language other than English, we want to share it and potentially translate it if possible</span><span>.</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span></span></span></span></span><br><span><strong>Social Networks</strong><br>Phalcon is evolving on a daily basis, through our desire to make it better. However, not everything can be developed as fast as we would like, thus we rely on user feedback and our road map. Social networks are part of our lives now, and we all interact with others through them. Sharing your Phalcon experience with your social circles will greatly increase the visibility of the project. More and more people will engage in our community, thus making it more powerful, even more feature rich and popular.  Like, +1, share posts that we constantly post on every social network, engage in discussions regarding those posts. People that will discover Phalcon through your interactions will thank you!</span>\n<div></div>\n<div><span>For websites that share links </span><span><span>(</span></span><span><span><span>even in languages other than English</span>), you can help us by sharing our posts there. <br></span> <br></span>\n<div><span>Many people will not be initially convinced that Phalcon can really work. Some people will be happy with the framework they are using, so they will not be interested changing it. Some will be willing to change but a rewrite to their applications could be prohibitive. Others however might be looking for something like Phalcon or be ready for something different, something out of the box. No innovation has been massively accepted during its launch, so do not despair, over time you will be recognized as one of the pioneers of the new generation of PHP frameworks</span><span>. <br><br>We have a presence in most of the popular social networks. By following us, you are helping increase the project visibility:</span></div>\n<div>\n<ul><li><a href=\"http://twitter.com/phalconphp\">Follow us on Twitter</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phalcon/134230726685897\">Facebook Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://plus.google.com/102376109340560896457\">Google+ Page</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://blog.phalconphp.com\">Official Blog</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon\">Star the project on Github</a></li>\n</ul><p><span><span><strong>Feedback</strong><br> Phalcon is built for speed. This is part of the project's identity. Developers most likely have already been exposed to other frameworks and have already favorite components that could potentially want to see in Phalcon. While we want to keep our own identity as a framework, we are always looking for ways to incorporate new functionality in the framework to aid developers. At times, we will not be able to accommodate certain requests, primarily because it will lead to a slower framework. However, every request/discussion is welcome</span><span>.<br></span><br><span><span>No matter where you are coming from or how you found out about Phalcon, we want to hear your opinions and views. We want our community to be the one to decide how the project evolves, what needs to be changed, what needs to stay unchanged. At times, even by clicking the +1 or Like button will give us instant feedback that we are doing something right. Adding comments to our blog posts or social network postings also helps greatly. </span></span><span><br><br></span><strong>Thank you!</strong><br></span><span><span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We would like to thank all of our contributors and members of the community for pushing us to make Phalcon the best framework of its kind. Your kind words and engagement is what drives us to do better. </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We hope to meet and exceed the trust you put in Phalcon.</span></span></span></span></p>\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span>Thanks for flying with Phalcon!</span></span></span></span></div>\n<div><span><span><span><span><strong><3</strong><br></span></span></span></span></div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>\n</div>","content_raw":"<div><span></span><span><span id=\"result_box\"><span class=\"hps\">Some of you</span> <span class=\"hps\">have asked us</span> on how to help<span class=\"hps\"></span> to make<span class=\"hps\"> the project to be</span> <span class=\"hps\">more</span> <span class=\"hps\">popular</span><span>. </span></span>This post consolidates&nbsp;previously&nbsp;discussed&nbsp;points&nbsp;on how to make&nbsp;</span><span>Phalcon</span><span>&nbsp;more&nbsp;popular.</span><span><span><span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><strong>TL;DR</strong></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span>Helping to make Phalcon more popular.<br></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><strong>Increase visibility<br></strong></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We love that you&nbsp;communicate with us via email<strong>, </strong>chat or internal messaging. However, if&nbsp;you do so, we may be&nbsp;very busy and&nbsp;thus your message might fall through the cracks. Despite the fact that our community is small,&nbsp;</span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span>there is always someone&nbsp;willing to help.&nbsp;</span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span>We&nbsp;would&nbsp;appreciate&nbsp;if you use&nbsp;<a href=\"http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/phalcon\">StackOverflow</a>&nbsp;with your queries. StackOverflow is a social network visited by&nbsp;thousands of developers&nbsp;every day,&nbsp;</span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>helping&nbsp;greatly&nbsp;to&nbsp;increase the visibility&nbsp;of the project. It also contains answers to frequently asked questions regarding Phalcon, resource which is invaluable for people that just got introduced to our project</span></span></span></span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><strong>. </strong>Additionally you can post questions/concerns/feedback in our <a href=\"https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/phalcon\">Google Group</a>.</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><strong>Evangelism</strong><br><div>Presenting Phalcon in every event about PHP, is something we would love to do but logistically is impossible. We are certain that many developers will benefit from hearing what Phalcon is all about and how it can help them.&nbsp;<span>If you know of any PHP events and&nbsp;you wish to give a talk about the project, you have&nbsp;our full support.&nbsp;</span><span><span></span></span><span>Who does not want&nbsp;to know&nbsp;a tool&nbsp;that helps him/her&nbsp;make his/her applications faster?</span></div>\r\n<div><span></span><br><span><strong>Share your experiences</strong><br> Since Phalcon is quite young, there could be few projects built with it out there. Feel free to share with the community, the ways that Phalcon was useful to you. Discuss what components needed extra work, what you could do easier, what benefits you got by using Phalcon. </span><span>Although&nbsp;not everything can be implemented immediately, your input on new feature requests can greatly help us shape the future of the project.&nbsp;</span><span><span>Your&nbsp;feedback helps&nbsp;us all.&nbsp;</span></span>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span>If you like writing, remember that&nbsp;our&nbsp;blog&nbsp;is open&nbsp;to post&nbsp;tutorials created&nbsp;by&nbsp;you. If&nbsp;you have a&nbsp;blog of your own&nbsp;and have written&nbsp;something about&nbsp;Phalcon,&nbsp;we can&nbsp;publish also in our social network pages so as to achieve maximum visibility. If your blog post is in a language other than English, we want to share it and potentially translate it if possible</span><span>.</span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span></span></span></span></span><br><span><strong>Social Networks</strong><br>Phalcon is evolving on a daily basis, through our desire to make it better. However, not everything can be developed as fast as we would like, thus we rely on user feedback and our road map. Social networks are part of our lives now, and we all interact with others through them. Sharing your Phalcon experience with your social circles will greatly increase the visibility of the project. More and more people will engage in our community, thus making it more powerful, even more feature rich and popular. &nbsp;Like, +1, share posts that we constantly post on every social network, engage in discussions regarding those posts. People that will discover Phalcon through your interactions will thank you!</span>\r\n<div></div>\r\n<div><span>For websites that share links </span><span><span>(</span></span><span><span><span>even in&nbsp;languages other than&nbsp;English</span>), you can help us by sharing our posts there.&nbsp;<br></span>&nbsp;<br></span>\r\n<div><span>Many people&nbsp;will&nbsp;not be initially convinced that Phalcon can really work. Some people will be happy with the framework they are using, so they will not be interested changing it. Some will be willing to change but a rewrite to their applications could be prohibitive. Others however might be looking for something like Phalcon or be ready for something different, something out of the box. No innovation has been massively accepted during its launch, so do not&nbsp;despair, over time you will be recognized as one of the pioneers of the new generation of PHP frameworks</span><span>.&nbsp;<br><br>We have a presence in most of the popular social networks. By following us, you are helping increase the project visibility:</span></div>\r\n<div>\r\n<ul><li><a href=\"http://twitter.com/phalconphp\">Follow us on Twitter</a></li>\r\n<li><a href=\"http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phalcon/134230726685897\">Facebook Page</a></li>\r\n<li><a href=\"https://plus.google.com/102376109340560896457\">Google+ Page</a></li>\r\n<li><a href=\"http://blog.phalconphp.com\">Official Blog</a></li>\r\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon\">Star the project on Github</a></li>\r\n</ul><p><span><span><strong>Feedback</strong><br> Phalcon is built for speed. This is part of the project's identity. Developers most likely have already been exposed to other frameworks and have already favorite components that could potentially want to see in Phalcon. While we want to keep our own identity as a framework, we are always looking for ways to incorporate new functionality in the framework to aid developers. At times, we will not be able to accommodate certain requests, primarily because it will lead to a slower framework. However, every request/discussion is welcome</span><span>.<br></span><br><span><span>No matter where you are coming from or how you found out about Phalcon, we want to hear&nbsp;your opinions and views. We want our community to be the one to decide how the project evolves, what needs to be changed, what needs to stay unchanged. At times, even by clicking the +1 or Like button will give us instant feedback that we are doing something right. Adding comments to our blog posts or social network postings also helps greatly.&nbsp;</span></span><span><br><br></span><strong>Thank you!</strong><br></span><span><span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We would like to thank all of our contributors and members of the community for pushing us to make Phalcon the best framework of its kind. Your kind words and engagement is what drives us to do better. </span></span></span></span><span><span><span><span>We hope to meet and exceed the trust you put in Phalcon.</span></span></span></span></p>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span>Thanks for flying with Phalcon!</span></span></span></span></div>\r\n<div><span><span><span><span><strong>&lt;3</strong><br></span></span></span></span></div>\r\n</div>\r\n</div>\r\n</div>\r\n</div>\r\n</div>","is_current_item":true,"is_root_item":true}]}
publish: 2012-10-013
-->


Spreading the word about Phalcon
================================

Some of you have asked us on how to help to make the project to be more
popular. This post consolidates previously discussed points on how to
make Phalcon more popular.

\

**TL;DR**

Helping to make Phalcon more popular.\

\

**Increase visibility\
**We love that you communicate with us via email**,**chat or internal
messaging. However, if you do so, we may be very busy and thus your
message might fall through the cracks. Despite the fact that our
community is small, there is always someone willing to
help. We would appreciate if you
use [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/phalcon) with
your queries. StackOverflow is a social network visited by thousands of
developers every day, helping greatly to increase the visibility of the
project. It also contains answers to frequently asked questions
regarding Phalcon, resource which is invaluable for people that just got
introduced to our project**.**Additionally you can post
questions/concerns/feedback in our [Google
Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/phalcon).

\

**Evangelism**

Presenting Phalcon in every event about PHP, is something we would love
to do but logistically is impossible. We are certain that many
developers will benefit from hearing what Phalcon is all about and how
it can help them. If you know of any PHP events and you wish to give a
talk about the project, you have our full support. Who does not want to
know a tool that helps him/her make his/her applications faster?

\
**Share your experiences**
 Since Phalcon is quite young, there could be few projects built with it
out there. Feel free to share with the community, the ways that Phalcon
was useful to you. Discuss what components needed extra work, what you
could do easier, what benefits you got by using Phalcon. Although not
everything can be implemented immediately, your input on new feature
requests can greatly help us shape the future of the
project. Your feedback helps us all. 

\

If you like writing, remember that our blog is open to post tutorials
created by you. If you have a blog of your own and have
written something about Phalcon, we can publish also in our social
network pages so as to achieve maximum visibility. If your blog post is
in a language other than English, we want to share it and potentially
translate it if possible.

\
**Social Networks**
Phalcon is evolving on a daily basis, through our desire to make it
better. However, not everything can be developed as fast as we would
like, thus we rely on user feedback and our road map. Social networks
are part of our lives now, and we all interact with others through them.
Sharing your Phalcon experience with your social circles will greatly
increase the visibility of the project. More and more people will engage
in our community, thus making it more powerful, even more feature rich
and popular.  Like, +1, share posts that we constantly post on every
social network, engage in discussions regarding those posts. People that
will discover Phalcon through your interactions will thank you!

For websites that share links (even in languages other than English),
you can help us by sharing our posts there. \
 \

Many people will not be initially convinced that Phalcon can really
work. Some people will be happy with the framework they are using, so
they will not be interested changing it. Some will be willing to change
but a rewrite to their applications could be prohibitive. Others however
might be looking for something like Phalcon or be ready for something
different, something out of the box. No innovation has been massively
accepted during its launch, so do not despair, over time you will be
recognized as one of the pioneers of the new generation of PHP
frameworks. \
\
We have a presence in most of the popular social networks. By following
us, you are helping increase the project visibility:

-   [Follow us on Twitter](http://twitter.com/phalconphp)
-   [Facebook
    Page](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phalcon/134230726685897)
-   [Google+ Page](https://plus.google.com/102376109340560896457)
-   [Official Blog](http://blog.phalconphp.com)
-   [Star the project on Github](https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon)

**Feedback**
 Phalcon is built for speed. This is part of the project's identity.
Developers most likely have already been exposed to other frameworks and
have already favorite components that could potentially want to see in
Phalcon. While we want to keep our own identity as a framework, we are
always looking for ways to incorporate new functionality in the
framework to aid developers. At times, we will not be able to
accommodate certain requests, primarily because it will lead to a slower
framework. However, every request/discussion is welcome.\
\
No matter where you are coming from or how you found out about Phalcon,
we want to hear your opinions and views. We want our community to be the
one to decide how the project evolves, what needs to be changed, what
needs to stay unchanged. At times, even by clicking the +1 or Like
button will give us instant feedback that we are doing something right.
Adding comments to our blog posts or social network postings also helps
greatly. \
\
**Thank you!**
We would like to thank all of our contributors and members of the
community for pushing us to make Phalcon the best framework of its kind.
Your kind words and engagement is what drives us to do better. We hope
to meet and exceed the trust you put in Phalcon.

\

Thanks for flying with Phalcon!

**<3**


